Integrate TACo and OrbisDB (#1)
nucypher/taco-orbisdb-demo: README.md

# DeForum - A Web Forum on OrbisDB

A web forum demo application built on OrbisDB and utilising TACo for encrypting posts and managing who has access to them.

## Introduction

This application emulates a web forum, complete with posts, comments, images, and personal profiles. It relies on the following items:

**OrbisDB on Ceramic** - A decentralized database to hold the various forum artifacts users create (such as posts, comments, etc.)
**TACo** - A protocol for secure, end-to-end encrypted data sharing and communication, enabling encryption and decryption of data based on access control logic.
**ThirdWeb SDK** - Uses their IPFS upload feature for image file storage

## Installation

First, create a local clone of the application:

```bash

> git clone https://github.com/nucypher/orbis-demo && cd orbis-demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/nucypher/taco-orbisdb-demo && cd taco-orbisdb-demo
```

# DeForum - A Web Forum on OrbisDB

> A web forum demo application built on OrbisDB and utilising TACo for encrypting posts and managing who has access to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A web forum demo application built on OrbisDB, leveraging TACo to create non-public posts with pre-specified conditions for access. 
```

This application emulates a web forum, complete with posts, comments, images, and personal profiles. It relies on the following items:

**OrbisDB on Ceramic** - A decentralized database to hold the various forum artifacts users create (such as posts, comments, etc.)

> **TACo** - A protocol for secure, end-to-end encrypted data sharing and communication, enabling encryption and decryption of data based on access control logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**TACo** - A decentralized access control layer, through which decryption rights to non-public forum content (posts, comments, reactions, etc.) are verified and enforced by a decentralized cohort of TACo nodes. 
```
